DIFFERENCE BETWEEN JDK,JRE,JVM:

*JDK(java development kit)    :JDK provides enviroment to develop and run java application.It contains development tools used to create java                                        programs.
                               JDK consists of java compiler,java virtual machine and java class libraries.
                               On developers machine JDK should get installed.
                               JDK=JRE+Development tools
*JRE(java runtime environment):JRE is only used to run java environment or application.
                               JRE is combination of JVM with other tools like class loader,Byte code                                                                               verifier,java API,class libraries.
                               class loader:class loader loads the byte code and stores into memory.
                               On client machine JRE should get installed.
                               JRE=JVM+Library classes
*JVM(java virtual machine)    :JVM is used to run the programm in JRE.JVM read the lines and execute that is it responsible to execute java program                                 line by line.
                               JVM is a interpreter or compiler,and  interpreter which is responsible to run the program.
                               interpreter:java interpreter execute lines of byte code,the jvm takes the byte code and generates machine code.
                               JVM  executes programs like real machine.
                               JVM performs tasks like:
                                                       1)Loads code
                                                       2)Verifies code
                                                       3)Executes code
                                                       4)Provides run time environment
                                                        
*JVM is part of JRE,JRE is part of JDK